
		WindowMaker X11 Window Manager

	  	   <http://windowmaker.org>
		 <ftp://ftp.windowmaker.org>


		      Alfredo K. Kojima 
		   <kojima@windowmaker.org>
		    <kojima@inf.ufrgs.br>

			  Dan Pascu
		    <dan@windowmaker.org>

		       Matthew Hawkins
		    <matt@windowmaker.org>

Description
===========

WindowMaker is a window manager designed to emulate the look and feel of
part of the NEXTSTEP(tm) GUI. It's supposed to be relatively fast and small,
feature rich, easy to configure and easy to use, with a simple and elegant
appearance borrowed from NEXTSTEP(tm).


Directories & Files
===================

o INSTALL contains installation instructions and some troubleshooting tips.

o Install is a script for configuring and compiling WindowMaker in a easy
way.

o ChangeLog contains the changes since the last version

o BUGS contains a list of the currently known bugs

o FAQ is a list of frequently asked questions.

o NEWS is a list of user visible changes since the last version. Read it if
you are upgrading.

o wmlib/ contains the library necessary to write applications that use
WindowMaker specific features, like application defined menus. This library
will be merged into WINGs in the future.

o WINGs/ contain the WINGs (WINGs Is Not GNUstep) tiny widget library. It is
used by wmaker, but can be used by standalone programs as well.

o test/ contains a simple test program that shows some of the things that can
be done with WindowMaker and wmlib

o wrlib/ contains the library used to do image manipulation (loading,
dithering etc.) in WindowMaker. It can be used in other applications.

o util/ contains various utility programs.

o Configuration options can be found in the ~/GNUstep/Defaults/* files
(after installation). The menus can be configured in
~/GNUstep/Library/WindowMaker/menu

o The default configuration files for the system are installed by default in
/usr/local/share/WindowMaker, along with some other data files.

o src/wconfig.h contains various compile time options you can change to
select some options/features and things like the path for configuration
directory.

o BUGFORM is a form you should fill to send a bugreport. Please use the
form. It makes things easier to me and ensures that you give me a reasonable
amount of information.



Mailing List
============

There is a mailing list for discussing WindowMaker at
wmaker@linuxcenter.com To subscribe to it, send a message containing:
	subscribe 
in the subject and the body of the message to wmaker-request@linuxcenter.com

If you have some problem installing or using wmaker, it would be advisable
to ask in the mailing list, as the probability of at least one of the 500+
users there having the same problem as you (and solving it) is bigger than
the three of us. The developers are subscribed to the mailing list, so we
will read your post anyway.


Copyrights
==========

WindowMaker is copyrighted by Alfredo K. Kojima and is licensed through the
GNU General Public License. Read the COPYING file for the complete license.

NeXT, OpenStep and NEXTSTEP are a trademarks of NeXT Computer, Inc.

Some portions of this program (notably colormap.c) were taken from fvwm,
which is Copyright (c) Robert Nation and others.


Authors
=======

The AUTHORS file contains a list of the people who have contributed to the
project. The name of people who have helped with localization (translation)
can be found in po/README and WindowMaker/README

If you have any comments, fixes and bug reports (filled BUGFORMs) send them
to kojima@windowmaker.org


Musicware
=========

If you use WindowMaker and *really* like it, please consider making my day
by sending me a music CD (or a MiniDisc) of your favorite band, singer,
instrumentist, composer or whatever :^). I like listening to music and would
love to get new CDs, especially from other parts of the world. I like almost
any kind of music, from Ozzy Ozbourne to Bach (mas não pagode e sertanejo
pelamordideus :), so I will be happy to receive just about anything.

Snail mail address:

Alfredo Kengi Kojima
Rua Firmino O. Bimbi, 255/25B
Porto Alegre - RS
CEP 91751-330
Brazil

